Now I'm sitting here,
Who is in the city, who is in the city,
I am against you,
If you object, why should I be a bitch?
If you hit me, I will hit you.
I didn’t say anything even though I was trying to find fault at the scene today.
I didn’t talk about avoiding objects, bro.
Sir, you must be mistaken,
This is the old Baizi we were in last time,
Anyone can do this position, yes,
Can he suggest anything? If he doesn't come, he just says we'll just have to do it for a day.
Hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey
Hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey Hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey Hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey